[Music]
some 46 to the chief musician a psalm of
the sons of Koda a song for lmf god is
our refuge and strength a very present
help in trouble therefore we will not
fear even though the earth be removed
and though the mountains be carried into
the midst of the sea though its waters
roar and be troubled though the
mountains shake with its swelling there
is a river whose streams shall make glad
the City of God the holy place of the
tabernacle of the Most High God is in
the midst of her she shall not be moved
God shall help her just at the break of
dawn the nation's raged the kingdom's
were moved he uttered his voice the
earth melted a Lord of Hosts is with us
the God of Jacob is our refuge come
behold the works of the Lord who has
made desolations in the earth he makes
Wars cease to the end of the earth he
breaks the pole and cuts the spear in
two he burns the chariot in the fire be
still and know that I am
I will be exalted among the nation's I
will be exalted in the earth the Lord of
Hosts is with us the God of Jacob is our
refuge
[Music]